at risk
long days and pleasant nights are
roland deschain we find ourselves setting
multiple teams on green as you have
seen cut the first part of this
gameplay because the is also shown
score
I was doing 10 to 8 pins of this
game had certainly not started in
best of ways but later I will do
only two dead will pull five
swarms before starting the comment is
of real I wanted to open also for
correctness to explain to you how much it is for me
it was quite difficult laborious
bring such a result
as you know, match making has split
in two parts that of the players who
have the new maps and that of the
therefore, players who do not yet have them
when I am looking for a match currently
he always looks for games with i
players who have new maps
usually the players who buy
the new maps are also those that
then the players play a little more
more experienced and this already in a while
therefore influenced so many times me
I found myself having to try to win the
leave with my group and work hard
for this reason without arriving at
results not at all interesting
we say that this happened at least the two
thirds of the matches I made in
new maps if not more in the rest
third of those games we had a little
more control than he considered a
little bit like opportunities to do too
a good result in 70 60 percent
sometimes he just pulled a couple of
here I think this swarm enemy enemies
is due to the fact that finding precisely
people are a bit more experienced and people are found
who perhaps cares more about penalties
I pull a swarm equity I don't know though
I actually found it very often
this fact that has created me quite a few
perplexity
beyond this we also add the files
the mistakes I make and then
then the setting in the new maps
although my playing time remained
almost unchanged
it took longer to get to a
similar result usually game
always with my friends for fun and
the results come on their own after a while
is here instead they arrived after quite a while
because all this is December
for two reasons
first of all because maybe someone
tends a little bit and eliminates too much
youtubers thinking that always in
every breaker is perfect instead not
so the second reason is that this
phenomenon does not and does not affect only me
but I think a bit all the players why
seeing very few hundred from youtube
more on these maps
since youtubers are nothing more than
normal players in the end
I guess that too much
majority of players found themselves
a little more difficult for the reasons
listed first if you want in the comments
write me also what was a
let your experience be like this
can also a little compare the various
situations
closed the parenthesis we return to the
game
I have just recently taken the third swarm
which was a really fast swarm
around a little over 30 seconds and vi
I show briefly in
overlay the class for once
I decided to use a class sti
alt and I replaced the quick extraction
with the silencer and then I put
dexterity to compensate usually
I prefer to use over the limit for
arrive quickly from a location
to the other or tactical mask in the
small maps instead here or just put
dexterity to compensate for the replacement
with the quick extraction silencer
this thing obviously makes the class
a little less powerful than that not
silenced in less versatile however
when the enemies really flow through you
on like on green it could also
I do not know, however, I do not know
a new class for me but the first one
time the video shows of
I usually use quite similar classes
macro also lethal equipment in
domination and demolition is a classic e
personally advise because it is ska
racca weapon with a lot of scope and
also a lot of damage and also
however it remains a weapon
devastating
the only flaw is that it takes a
time to learn to manage
well recoil but it's nothing
complicated
changing the subject I tried to
summarize a little to all those
tips or advice I gave
in different comment live for how much
concerns the game settings
best that could help you
improve your style of play
let's start from the commands I advise you if
you don't have a particular controller like
that of the matt cutts of disgust
of the bar to always use anyway
the tactical mode takes a while
get used to but with this mode
you can easily do drop shot
without ever having to remove the thumb
from the analogical then without ever losing
aiming this will help you a lot in the
clashes one on one obviously there
takes some time to get used to the
second thing we can cure is
audio and default audio
personally it really makes me enough
disgust
already just starting from the menu music
the main who maybe was there opened it
the first day I bought call
of duty but now it has really broken down
that is from about the third day of
game or completely deactivated
music just to not have it in
main world then ingame seems to me
certain weeks when some music
to finish the time things like that don't
I'm completely sure why it is
a long time that turned it off
completely
then there is the voice that in practice the voice
would be all the ads short type
we are losing b and we are conquering
a that's the one there and it's too strong
with respect to the game especially there
notice if you play with headphones with
TV better to leave a little more
strong because in any case they are ipson plus
confused instead with headphones and put it on
the lower I leave him under half
much
I prefer to hear where they come from
good shots than to hear if he is
conquering me in a goal because
I really say it not too strong
and anyway I feel the same also
other players' voices can
adjust the advice not to keep them
only too strong also because later
there is always someone with the strongest microphone
he has his own plan and they hold him up
continuously with headphones which is a lot
comfortable, however, from the options it seems to me
maybe the podcast entry that does change
that thing though that the minimum for
conclude a last trick that yes
can do but is not so indispensable
use the visual for color blinds that
makes the names of the enemies in orange there
see on the minimal orange penny as
in this video and the allies become
blue and no sorry blue and that in
teams with you blue in my opinion this
minimum pale pcre color blinds ie me
I prefer it for the combination of
colors then you can simply try it
to know that there is this possibility that
see how better you are before
close the video I wanted to thank in
particular must teheran cod that would be
right booster and I'll live knicks that too
their youtube cores you find in
signing up
I thank you for watching and see you
to the next video, hello everyone